Modernize Databricks integration docs (#21380)
DataDog/integrations-core: databricks/README.md

3. In Datadog, open the Databricks integration tile.
4. On the **Configure** tab, click **Add Databricks Workspace**.
5. Enter a workspace name, your Databricks workspace URL, and the Databricks token you generated.
<!-- xxz tab xxx -->

<!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

#### Data Jobs Monitoring 

1. Connect a workspace in Datadog's Databricks integration tile.

> 2. In the **Select products to set up integration** section, set **Data Jobs Monitoring** to **Enabled** in order to start monitoring Databricks jobs and clusters. See [the docs for Data Jobs Monitoring][33] to complete configuration of this product. Ensure that the user or service principal being used [has the necessary permissions](#permissions) to access your Databricks cost data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the workspace's **Configuration** tab, set **Data Jobs Monitoring** to **Enabled** to start monitoring Databricks jobs and clusters. 
3. See [the docs for Data Jobs Monitoring][33] to complete the configuration. 

**Note**: Ensure that the user or service principal being used [has the necessary permissions](#permissions) to access your Databricks cost data.
```
